DEV report file 
 
Examine file for files with zero errors or that have "DEVIATES" at 
the end. 
 
Run for program t6p10d1.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p10d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p2d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p2d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p2d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p2d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p5d13.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p5d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p5d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p5d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p5d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p5d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p6d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p6d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p6d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p7d10.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p7d11.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p7d12.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p7d13.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p7d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p7d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p7d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p7d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p7d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p7d9.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p8d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p8d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p8d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p9d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p2p1d10.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p2p1d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p2p1d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p2p1d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p2p1d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p2p1d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p2p1d9.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p2p2d10.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p2p2d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p2p2d9.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p3d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p3d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p3d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p3d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p3d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p3d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p3d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p3d9.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p1d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p1d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p1d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p2p2d9.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p2p3d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p2p3d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p2p3d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p2p4d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p2p4d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p2p4d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p2p4d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p1d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p1d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p1d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p2d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p2d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p2d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p2d9.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p3d18.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p3d19.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p3d20.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p3d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p3d9.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p4d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p4d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p4d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p4d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p4d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p4d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p5d10.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p5d11.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p5d12.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p5d13.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p5d14.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p5d16.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p5d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p5d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p5d9.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p6d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p6d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p6d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p6d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p6d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p1d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p1d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p1d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p1d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p1d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p2d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p2d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p2d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p3p1d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p3p2d1.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p3p2d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p3p3d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p3p3d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p3p5d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p3p6d1.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p3p6d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p3p6d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p3p6d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p3p6d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p5p3d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p6p1d1.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p6p3d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p6p4d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p6p5d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p6p5d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p6p5d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p6p5d9.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p2p2d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p2p2d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p2p2d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p2p3d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p2p3d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p2p4d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p2p5d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p2p5d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p2p5d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p2p5d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p1d1.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p1d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p1d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p1d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p1d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p2p3d1.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p10d9.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p5d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p5d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p5d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p5d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p5d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p5d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p5d9.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p9d10.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p9d11.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p9d12.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p9d13.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p9d14.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p9d15.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p9d16.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p9d17.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p9d18.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p9d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p9d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p9d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p9p2d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p9p3p2d1.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p9p3p2d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p9p4d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p9p5d2.pas 
program complete
 
