QUA report file 
 
Examine file for files with errors or "FAIL"
the end. 
 
Run for program t6p1p3d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p5d10.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p5d11.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p5d12.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p5d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p5d9.pas 
Errors in program: 4
program complete
 
Run for program t6p1p7d14.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p2p1d11.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p2p1d12.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p2p1d13.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p2p1d14.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p2d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p2d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p3d14.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p3d15.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p3d16.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p4p3p4d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p5p1d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p5p3d1.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p5p3p2d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p5p3p2d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p5p3p2d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p1d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p3p1d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p5p3d12.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p6p2d10.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p6p2d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p6p2d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p6p2d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p6p6p2d9.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p1d15.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p1d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p1d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p1d5.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p2p2d14.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p2p2d15.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p7p3d1.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p10d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p2d1.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p2d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p4d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p5d12.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p5d13.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p5d14.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p5d15.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p7d4.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p8d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p8p3p9d20.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p9p1d6.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p9p1d7.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p9p1d8.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p9p2d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p9p3d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p9p3d3.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p9p3p5p2d2.pas 
program complete
 
Run for program t6p9p4d2.pas 
program complete
 
